I haven't told anybody yet but I've been
working on a full body flexibility ebook
that is way more high quality than the
other ones includes pictures and
examples and I could not be more proud
of it thank you from the bottom of my
heart for all of the support that you
guys have given me this is a gift from
me to you if you've already supported me
for on flexi joints during this pre-sale
if you do plan on getting flexi joints
before the 10th you also get that ebook
completely free of charge it's about a
60 value use code flexi 25 that's 25 off
of your order plus free shipping and I
know there's International fans out
there I'm working on international
shipping if I have to extend the
pre-sale just for you so you get a
chance to get that ebook I promise I
will
from the bottom of my heart thank you
this is a culmination of months of work
and I could not be more proud thank you
from the bottom of my heart stay Flexi